Bombers.
There must be three hundreds of them.
They're getting a taste of German flak.
We got one.
He's coming this way.
Viktor Bruno five-nine.
Airplane inbound.
Sector H
I wouldn't want to be those bastards.
Cowboy Leader, this is Cowboy Three.
We lost two engines.
Sir, engine's three's down, four.
Will, do you copy?
Come in, Will, do you copy?
Will!
Will, do you read me?
Ay, things are burning!
Will get everyone in the radio room.
Hey, things are burning!
We gotta bail!
Stay with the plane. I'm bringing this thing in.
Brace for impact.
Come on, on your feet!
Hold her steady.
A thousand feet!
Time to get tour feet!
Brace for impact!
Shit!
Shit, shit, shit!
Goddamn it to fucking shit!
Where the hell are we?
Nowhere good.
Briefing said the Krauts still
have men this far into France.
We might be good.
Well, they sure as shit had flak.
Where's Will?
Will!
Will.
Come on, pal.
Let's go.
Captain needs you.
We didn't hit our target we caught.
I know I was a little distracted, but what I'm saying is...
Where's Pete?
He's dead.
So is Bosch and Littleton.
Oh, God.
Uh, sir, where the fuck are we?
Well, we took flag near the Rhine.
Started our descent,
south by southwest.
So, this is probably Bouvier.
Bow-vee-ay.
Bouvier.
40 miles from fucking Germany.
Oh, sir,
the front line's pretty close, isn't it?
So, if we cut west, we'll probably hit friendlies.
Wouldn't that be some shit?
Will...
you speak French?
- Yes.
- Can you shoot?
Yeah.
Kelly, go grab a rifle and a flare pistol.
Hey,
I want you to get in that house.
If anybody's in there, they speak French.
They're on our side.
I want you to get in the attic.
If you see any Germans coming,
you shoot a flare real low so they don't see it, okay?
You understand?
So, what do we do?
All right. I want you to start tearing this plane apart.
Anything you can carry, all right?
We're jogging outta here.
Get in the fucking attic.
Let's go! Everything you can get
off the son of a bitch. Let's go.
You find us a route?
I mean, hell,
didn't Patton just take Saint-Dizier a few days ago?
That's only 120 miles back that way.
Our lines gotta be close.
We'll make it work.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
Hey, we got a flare.
Krauts!
Guys, they got some kind of tank.
Waste nuts.
Yeah, make it look like we're abandoned.
That's our only shot, okay?
Get on the guns.
Stay low.
Wait for my signal to shoot, okay?
Go!
Hello in there.
My name is Colonel Martin Bach
of the German Protection Squad.
Better known to you probably as the SS.
You will be offering your surrender to me.
How many of you are in there?
Your electrical systems have failed.
None of your guns can operate,
only your right-hand side machine gun
can reach us at this angle.
And now, it has no ammunition.
So...
On the count of three,
you will tell me how many men are in there.
Or my tank will be forced to shoot
your plane into a thousand pieces.
How many of you are in there?
One,
two,
- three.
- Five!
What happened to the rest?
They're dead.
Hail Gunner, Walter, bombardier, they're all dead.
Waist gunners died in the crash, too.
How did the waist gunners die?
No seatbelts.
Stupid.
May I assume that you all know
that there's no chance of escape?
Yeah, we know.
Good.
Come out slowly one at a time,
and stand in front of the wing.
What was your target?
You are now prisoners of the Third Reich.
Do you know how much use Germany has for prisoners?
None at all.
To us,
you are like insects
to be squashed.
So,
I will ask you again.
What was your target?
This is a bomber aircraft, yes?
Yeah.
And you and the 200 other bombers
that flew over a few minutes ago
were on your way to bomb a target in Germany, yes?
That's right.
Then what target were you bombing?
Hey, Jerry, here's your target, you piece of shit.
What was your target?
I'm the pilot.
It was a marshalling yard in Munich.
Thank you.
Is General Patton's army
proceeding to Grand Marseille
or going to Nantes?
I don't know.
Is General Patton's army
going to Grand Marseille
or proceeding to Nantes?
Eat shit.
Keep your damn eyes open.
You and you,
into the field.
Go!
This way.
Stop!
Is General Patton going to Grand Marseille or Nantes?
We don't know.
We're just flight crew. We don't know true positions.
Tell me, you must know.
Save your men and tell me.
I don't... I don't know.
I don't know. I, uh...
Maybe Munich.
He said... Maybe Munich. He said Munich.
Munich?
What is your next target?
I swear.
I swear, I don't... I...
Okay. Stuttgart.
You're lying!
Tell me!
I'm not. I'm not. Stuttgart.
Okay, just listen to me. It has to be Stuttgart.
Okay? If Patton is sending his men this way,
then it has to be Stuttgart.
The yard supply the German Army.
The whole bomb group will keep
targeting the yards until Patton makes his move.
- You... Just, please, listen to me.
- Hey.
Stop.
This is only conjecture.
No!
Is Patton's army going to Grand Marseille or Nantes?
You go to hell.
FOUR MORE FOUND DEAD MORE MEN MISSING:
MAY HAVE TIES TO BERLIN
Who's hungry?
Well, you have to be hungry by now, right?
It's been 15 hours.
You're hungry?
Is it poison?
I don't know who you think we are,
but I have nothing to give you.
I am the manager of a small
loan office near the Plaza.
If you want a loan, I can approve a loan for you,
but I have nothing more to offer.
I manufacture automobiles.
On the line. I put the alternator in the engine compartment.
I can put a new alternator in your car for free.
Gerhard Kohler?
Yes.
You're Austrian?
Yes, I am from Austria.
Emilio?
I am a proud Argentine.
- That's an Argentinian accent?
- Si.
Emilio.
Emilio!
Swear in Spanish.
You're not a proud Argentine, are you?
Navy?
You look like a Navy man.
Interior Ministry for the Third Reich.
I was an administrator for education policy.
I have been living here peacefully
since the last nine years.
Uh, tell me what you want. Anything you want.
How many Nazis came out here?
To Argentina?
Anywhere in South America.
A thousand?
A thousand in Uruguay,
a thousand in Bolivia,
3,000 in Argentina,
4,000 in Brazil.
Yeah, that's what the last fella told me.
That 10,000 Nazis just up and walked outta Germany.
I'm looking for a man, a colonel in the SS,
Martin Bach.
You travel all the way to Argentina
to kidnap two policy administrators
and ask if they know a colonel?
Yeah, that's pretty much the gist of it.
You know him?
There must be a thousand men
called Colonel Bach in the Reich.
You can't possibly expect us to
know which one you're talking about!
Colonel Martin Bach in the SS,
stationed in Eastern France in August 1944.
Maybe near Strasbourg.
I don't know of any such man. I'm very sorry.
How about you?
Do you know Colonel Bach?
What? I can't hear you.
I can't hear you, Emilio.
Nein, no, I don't.
I can't hear you.
I don't. I don't. I don't.
- Where is Colonel Bach?
- I don't know!
You're mad.
There is no way of knowing where there is a Colonel Bach.
I'm telling you, there's no way to know.
He may already be dead.
He's not dead.
Obersturmbannfuhrer Martin Bach got on a cargo ship
in Italy nine years ago,
headed for Buenos Aires.
I know because the Nazi-sympathizing priest
who smuggled him on board told me
right before I strangled him.
And you're going to kill every German in South America
until you find this Colonel Bach?
That's the plan.
Would you like another whiskey?
Yes.
I remember you from earlier this week.
Are you waiting for a friend?
No.
Just having a drink.
Your accent.
It sounds like you're from France?
Switzerland.
Ah, Swiss.
Where in Switzerland are you from?
St. Lucian.
I've never heard of it.
It's very small.
Ah, what's it near?
It's near Zurich.
I've never been.
Ah, the gentleman at the end of
the bar, he has been to Zurich.
- Javier!
- No, sorry.
I don't mean to be rude, but I wish to be left alone.
Thought you might make a friend.
Hipolito
What do you want now you fat piece of shit?
I want you to step in front of a bus
but I'm not that lucky.
This gentleman is from Zurich
and I told him you have been.
Zurich. You are from Zurich?
I lived there for three years studying at university.
Oh, it is my favorite city in the whole wide world.
Oh my God.
I could live there. The girls?
They're quite nice. Yes, quite nice. Quite nice.
So, what are you doing in Argentina?
Business.
Ah. What kind of business?
Bananas.
My father owns a plantation in Brazil.
In Switzerland?
In Brazil. We live there.
I thought you meant Switzerland.
Hello, everyone.
Come buy my bananas from the snow in Switzerland, right?
Special snow bananas, grown in Zurich.
A toast
to Switzerland and to bananas grown in Brazil.
It was nice to meet you.
So, tell me about Brazil.
Is a true what they say about the bananas in Brazil?
About the girls?
Girls?
What they do with all those bananas.
I knew it.
They have to do something with all those bananas, right?
Hey, don't eat the bananas at this restaurant.
The girl at the front just had all of them in her ass.
What do you want from me? I have nothing.
I have nothing, please.
Who are you?
- A missionary.
- A missionary?
Yes, yes. I swear to you.
I am here to begin a Lutheran mission.
You're a German.
Yes, yes. A... A Lutheran.
Well, what are you doing with a gun?
Defending myself.
I have been robbed here three times.
What was in the envelope you magically made disappear?
I can't tell you.
The next one is going in your skull.
No, no, no, cause...
It was a name. It's the name of a prostitute,
Rosita Rossi. I wasn't going to go with her.
You see, it was a very... It was a mistake.
I am a very good Lutheran.
I was going to pray for her soul.
- You're fucking lying!
- I am not lying. I am not lying.
I swear to you, I am not lying.
- You're a fucking Nazi.
- No, no, no.
God, no. No.
You're a fucking Nazi piece of shit.
- I am not.
- Say it!
God forgive me.
God forgive me. God forgive me.
Shut the fuck up for a minute you fucking pig!
- No, no, no...
- Three!
- I swear to you please, no.
- Two!
Please don't kill me. You have to believe me, please.
- One!
- No, please, no.
Zero.
Who are you looking for?
An SS officer,
Colonel Bach.
Obersturmbannfuhrer Bach, let me see.
Maybe middle age, taller than average.
He's thin.
You described nothing.
- Goodbye.
- Martin, huh?
Yes, yes.
Martin Bach.
Where is he?
- I don't know.
- Where is he?
There's no way out.
Don't move.
Who are you?
Shut up.
Put your pistol on the floor.
Slowly, or I will shoot.
Kick it over here.
Do you live here?
Who the hell are you?
I have the gun. I will ask the fucking questions.
Do you live here? Yes or no?
Yes.
The man you punched at the bar
said you're from Switzerland.
You're clearly American.
Yeah.
I'm an American.
Who is the man you followed from the bar?
He's my father.
You chased your father out of a bar?
How'd you find me here?
I followed your car.
I saw you get out with that man.
I know he's here, and I don't believe he's your father.
Who do you think he is?
I know he is Albert Vogel.
Who is Albert Vogel?
If you are protecting Albert Vogel,
I will have you extradited along with him.
It will not go well for you.
Extradited? Who the hell are you?
Extradited to where?
To Jerusalem, to pay for his crimes.
You're from Israel.
Who I am does not matter.
If you have Albert Vogel, give him up now.
Listen to me.
The man you saw me with is my father.
We sell bananas.
You know why I'm pretending I'm Swiss?
I know there are a lot of Germans around here.
So, I picked a country they don't care about.
Don't shoot.
He's deaf.
What?
My father, he's deaf.
Bullshit.
He can't hear a damn thing you're saying.
Listen to me.
Now, you broke into a home
and you are pointing a gun at American citizens.
We make one call to the US Embassy,
the Nazi-collaborating police are going to arrest you,
and they're gonna find out they have
an Israeli spy trying to extradite their pals.
How do you think that's gonna go for you?
Why do you carry a gun?
We get robbed a lot.
If I find out he is Albert Vogel, you will both hang.
Why the hell did you come up here?
If she had heard your accent...
I had to get her to leave.
It was the only way.
I was hoping you would improvise,
and you did.
How do you know Colonel Bach?
I met him here, Buenos Aires,
maybe a year ago
at a Christmas party.
Wait, he's here?
No, no, no.
He lives in Bolivia.
Tell me where or I start shooting.
And then, you will just waltz across miles of mountains
and deserts and knock on his door
and shoot him without any confrontation?
The Germans have thousands of guards
protecting their interests here.
If you are bumbling around the desert,
they will find you long before you'll find him.
If you want Colonel Bach,
you're going to need me to help you find him.
In exchange for what?
As it happens,
we have mutual interests.
I also have to get to Bolivia.
We travel there together.
When there are threats to me, we play your little game.
I will pose as your deaf Swiss father
and business partner, selling bananas.
What threats?
Machine gun-toting women from Jerusalem or the equivalent.
Why me?
Well, why not these other Germans
if there's so many of them?
Well, the Germans want me dead, too.
It's complicated.
But the Soviets don't.
That envelope,
that contained the location of a contact
that was going to get me to safety in Moscow.
He is at a remote airfield in Bolivia.
And as it happens, that airfield is not
very far from your Colonel Martin Bach.
If you want your German,
get me to my Russian.
How are we getting there?
The next boat leaves in five hours.
We made it to the mouth of the river here headed north.
Germans are watching the airfields and major ports,
but we can putter up to Paraguay undetected.
The capital of Asuncion is a risk, but if we make it,
we can take the back roads all the way to Bolivia.
I'd rather fly, but it's probably safer
to hire a native to guide us to the rendezvous.
I doubt our friend from Israel will find us there.
So,
you are Albert Vogel.
In the flesh.
What's that woman want with you?
What did you do?
Nothing.
I am an atomic physicist.
One of the better ones in the world.
I was part of a team developing
the atom bomb for Germany.
The Soviets are recruiting me to work for them.
And she's trying to stop you?
She works for a spy agency called Mossad.
Jerusalem is trying to extradite me to hang for war crimes,
but bigger problem is that the Germans here,
they have no use for me.
They would rather kill me
to keep me from helping the Russians
or the Americans.
That's tragic.
The Nazis are trying to kill me.
That ought to make me your friend.
You made bombs for Hitler.
You sit at a table with Nazis, that makes you a Nazi.
The man who makes the object
is not responsible for the man who uses it.
If I make a butter knife
and you stick it in someone's throat,
does that make me a murderer?
Butter knives?
Hitler would've used your atom bomb on civilians.
Which your country did twice, I believe, yes?
That's different.
We're not Hitler. We're the good guys.
200,000 dead Japanese civilians
might think differently.
I swear to Christ. I will put a bullet
right through your stupid fucking Nazi face.
Give me one more goddamn platitude,
I'll end it right here.
We will solve this whole thing right now.
Control yourself.
They have eyes everywhere.
I guess I need you alive for now.
You take me to my Russian safely,
and I tell you exactly where your Colonel Bach is hiding.
Yeah.
You go on your merry way to Russia to build the bombs
they wanna drop in my backyard?
They say the man who seeks revenge should dig two graves.
Welcome to the Hotel Asuncion.
Here for business or pleasure?
Business.
Bananas.
Ah, from Brazil?
Yes, Brazil.
Your accent sounds Swiss.
Many Swiss come to Asuncion from Brazil.
Yes, they do.
Something for you, madam?
Here on business?
Yeah, here on business.
We're having a conversation.
Where is Vogel?
My father is upstairs in his room.
That man is not your father.
You look nothing alike.
You're following me because we don't look alike?
I know that he's Albert Vogel.
You've never seen a photograph of him before, have you?
You have a description.  Nothing else.
That's what I thought.
So, what do you do?
You just run around torturing every German you find
until they admit they're Vogel?
Pencil. Get him a pencil!
GERMANS
Buenos tardes.
Maxim!
Hola, Senor Ziegler.
Maximiliano!
Whatever these guys are having,
and I'll have a Pisco sour.
Que sour, Max.
Three Pisco sours.
Hello.
The Pisco sour, have you ever tasted it?
No, never.
Nein. Maximiliano,
he makes the best Pisco sour known in South America.
Huh, brandy with sugar, lemon, bitters, and an egg.
An egg.
Maximiliano, tres mas on my bill.
You don't have to do that.
No, I don't have to do that, but I insist.
- Yes.
- Insist.
Thank you. You're very kind.
So, are you from here in Paraguay?
- No, Germany.
- Deutschland!
Germany?
We are from Germany.
I am from Freiberg.
Freiberg, no!
My uncle lives in Gundelfigen.
I live in Bolschweil. Other side of the city.
Ah, she's nice.
Are you all from Germany?
No, they are from Switzerland.
The French part. They don't speak a word of German.
And the father is gehorlos, he can't hear.
Ah, well.
- Prost!
- To our new friends.
- Yes.
There we go.
So, you are here for business, ja?
Yes.
We have a banana plantation in Brazil,
but it's hard to ship bananas
from the jungles in Porto Velho,
so we're here to find a shipping company.
Wow, Porto Velho.
My... My father went there before the war.
- It's a wild place.
- Right?
- There's a lot of bandits.
- Bandits?
Like the Wild West.
You have savages trying to steal your bananas.
The savages, it's like...
No, no, no. It's too dangerous.
Dangerous?
We put guards on top of the banana trains
all the way to the depot in Porto Velho.
They've shot enough bandits to
scare most of them from trying.
So... And so, you shoot them as
they're trying to get on the train?
It's the Wild West.
It's the Wild West!
That's all right, I don't...
Well, it's getting late.
Should we get going?
Nein, nein, nein.
You're leaving us too soon.
Banana farmers start early.
Neil. I insist
you stay for one more drink.
Just one drink. Unless...
you have a penis, then you must go.
You must go.
Nein.
I...
I apologize.
If you really must go.
We must.
Thank you for the drinks, gentlemen.
Goodbye.
Jews!
I'll be here if you change your mind.
What an ass on that girl. God!
She had a nice ass.
But she's with the Swiss guy.
He's not with her
Why's that?
He's trying too hard to impress her.
That whole Wild West story?
He was making it sound dangerous to impress girl
I've been to Porto Velho.
The railroads are completely swallowed up by the forest.
The railroad is totally ruined.
There hasn't been a train on those tracks in thirty years.
He had me fooled.
I don't even think he sells bananas.
I don't even think he's Swiss.
Alert the outposts.
Don't let them leave the city.
Now!
How did he know they were coming?
- What?
- The Germans at the bar.
How did he know they were coming?
He saw 'em from his window, I guess.
And just knew that they were German?
I think the German machine guns were a clue.
We dodge Nazi gangs down here all the time.
They're not that hard to spot.
I'm not afraid of any Germans.
I've gotten pretty good at spotting them.
You liar! You're not deaf, you fucking liar!
Hey, put the gun down!
You lying pig!
Don't shoot me.
You're Albert Vogel! Admit it!
Calm down, and put the gun down.
Admit it! Tell me you are Albert Vogel!
Please, let's talk...
I will kill you! I swear to god...
Put the fucking gun down!
- How did they find us?
- I don't know.
- Did you tip them off? Did he?
- No, they're after him, too.
We're not out running 'em.
We don't need to.
Catching up.
- Heads down!
- Drive straighter, you idiot.
Slow down!
- What?
- Slow down, I have a plan.
If I slow down, we're gonna die.
Slow down!
They're catching up.
Hold your speed.
They got a rocket launcher.
Hold it steady...
Hold it...
You're with a Nazi?
Why are you with a Nazi?
Why are you helping a Nazi escape?
It's complicated.
Complicated? He's a fucking Nazi.
What is complicated about that?
I am not a Nazi!
You can tell that to the court in Jerusalem.
Oh, he's not going to Jerusalem.
- According to who?
- According to me.
We have a deal, all right?
Vogel's just a pawn who worked for the Nazis.
I have some business to finish with an actual Nazi,
an SS Colonel responsible for a lot of people's deaths.
Vogel's helping me find him.
An actual Nazi?
Hitler's atomic scientist isn't enough of a Nazi for you?
- We have a deal.
- You have no deal.
You will hang.
It's, uh...
This is... It's no good.
We cannot fix this tonight.
More of those Germans are coming. They won't stop.
We passed a warehouse back up the road.
Let's find a car and get clear.
You need to decide right now if you're gonna be a problem.
Or you'll kill me for the Nazi?
So I can kill more Nazis, better Nazis.
Nazi's of consequence,
not some lab assistant the Germans don't even want.
Lab assistant? Is that what he told you?
I won't touch Vogel yet,
but I want to know who your other Nazis are.
All right.
First, let's find a car.
Herr Ziegler.
They got away.
We found the squad that chased them.
All dead.
Find them and find out who are they.
I'm returning to Bolivia in the morning.
There's something else.
We found this in the way.
It's not ours.
This is Hebrew.
There's only one reason they could be here.
There's only one person they could want.
Krekeler
Herr.
Bring them to me.
We've been out here all night.
The Germans will be out looking for us.
It is almost fixed.
We have no time for almost fixed.
Is it ready?
All it needs is the key.
Start it up then.
What is that?
Whiskey.
It's been a long night.
What the hell are you...
I'm taking Albert Vogel.
If you try to stop me, I will shoot you.
Start the car.
There are more important Nazis than Vogel.
Name one Nazi of more consequence in South America
than Albert Vogel or get out of my way.
Heinrich Himmler.
The architect of the destruction
of millions of Jews across Europe.
Heinrich Himmler is dead.
- You're wrong.
- You're full of shit.
He killed himself. He's been dead for 10 years.
You don't rise to the right hand of Hitler
and engineer the extermination of millions of Jews
without making some connections.
A man claiming to be Himmler surrendered to the British,
bit into a capsule of potassium cyanide, and died.
But that man wasn't Himmler.
He was a fanatical party loyalist
who gave his life for the cause.
The real Himmler went into hiding,
a month in Austria, six months in Florence.
From there, he disguised himself as a priest
and smuggled himself onto a
cargo ship bound for Argentina.
He's been in South America for 10 years now,
building a hidden empire in total secrecy,
employing former Nazi party members,
recruiting German veterans into an elite army,
operating a web of spies and guards across the continent
and eliminating every threat that comes across his doorstep.
Those men at the bar were looking for threats to Himmler.
They were looking for you.
Why are you telling me this?
I can't build Himmler a bomb by myself.
He wants me dead so the Russians can't use me.
Tell me where he is.
If I tell you that, you have no reason to keep me around,
but as it happens, the two men you are looking for
are together in Bolivia,
in a compound called The Condor's Nest.
Why?
Bach is Himmler's Chief of Security.
Our deal is still on.
You get me to my Russian safely,
and I'll give you Colonel Bach,
and then you,
you will have Heinrich Himmler.
No.
It's Heinrich Himmler!
I am no one!
If Heinrich Himmler is here,
I can't capture him by myself,
but I can capture you right now, and I will.
Start the car.
This.
This is a transmitter.
It's a simple switch,
wired to a battery,
and if I push this switch,
this car will explode.
What?
You and Himmler's big secret will die in this room.
You can't just turn a car into a bomb.
Get that rope and tie her up,
or I'll kill us all!
Give me the transmitter.
Then, I tie her up.
Carefully.
Fucking pigs!
You're gonna fucking pay for this!
Let's go!
You think you're the only one in the
world who's lost something to the Nazis?
You're a fucking coward.
What? So we're walking?
Walking?
Lucky for you,
I know how to fly.
That aircraft is not authorized!
I don't think our banana charade is going to work here.
Follow my lead.
If they recognize my face, shoot them.
Wait,
tell me where Colonel Bach is.
If anything happens, you owe me that.
He'll be at the Condor's Nest, guarding Heinrich Himmler.
It's in the forest 20 kilometers west
of a small town called Tarija.
Kilometer marker 167.
Good afternoon.
Who are you?
Where did you come from?
You have no authoziration to land on this airfield.
I have an important message for Heinrich Himmler.
Where's your phone?
You have no authorization to land here!
What is your name?
You don't need to know my name,
you need to know
that I have very important message for the Condor's Nest
and if it's delayed because a...
What's your name?
Schnelling.
... because someone named Schnelling
wanted to know my name, I have you shot by sundown.
What's your name?
Johann.
Johann. Do you want to get shot by sundown?
No sir
Then you have five seconds
to tell me where to find the radio!
The tent at the end of the runway, sir.
The radio operator's in there.
May I help you?
I would like to buy a box of whiskey.
I have, uh...
I have scotch. I have rye.
- Ridiculous code words.
- I did not make it up.
Albert Vogel, huh?
Yes.
You are not to be hit on next week.
I hope it is not a terrible inconvenience.
No, nyet.
Here. Put in mouth.
What is this?
It's cyanide.
I don't understand.
I have my reasons.
But aren't you with the Soviets?
It is also complicated.
Put in mouth and bite down.
If you are with the Germans, why haven't you just shot me?
Because it make big mess. I don't...
You are going to kill yourself.
You must bite down.
If you are with the Germans, I want to make a deal.
I can build a bomb, an atom bomb for Heinrich Himmler.
There's only one man on this continent who is willing
and able to build a bomb for Himmler,
and if you shoot that man,
you're going to wish you had never left Moscow.
What is deal?
Get Himmler on the phone.
And if he turns me down,
I will take your cyanide.
Da.
Give me Condor's Nest.
Hey, you!
Are you a pilot?
And are you aware protocol is that we can shoot anyone
who landed on this strip without authorization,
and that if the pilot didn't reference Mr. Himmler
we'd have killed you right here on the spot?
Yeah.
Don't try anything.
Yes.
Speak.
Herr Himmler.
I can build you an atom bomb.
Take me in.
Find me a couple of assistants.
I can build you a bomb.
One atom bomb.
In you possession and you have control.
You control Chile, Bolivia, Argentina
you can control America and Soviets
You can...
control the Jewish state.
I can have...
an atomic reactor build in a year.
If you don't have your atomic bomb by next Christmas,
then you can do with me as you please.
Welcome to Reich, Albert Vogel.
Thank you, Herr Himmler.
The American in the airplane
wants to kill Heinrich Himmler.
Don't move.
It's not much fun being the one in the chair.
You know, you were right.
That day on the boat when you said,
I sit at the table with Nazis.
I do.
Proudly.
Heil Himmler.
Hello, Jew boy.
He's not Jewish.
- Not Jewish?
- No.
He's American.
Now, that's funny.
Are you sure you are not a Jew?
You smell like a Jew.
Now, I am not a detective,
but I would guess you were going to use
this gun to shoot Germans?
Maybe me?
Now, I am not a detective, but let's see
how many questions I can get you to answer.
Every time I don't like your answer,
I pull the trigger.
What's your name?
William Spalding.
Who are you trying to kill?
Germans.
- Germans?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
See, I am a German
so, I do not like that answer.
Which Germans, huh?
Himmler?
No.
- Klaus Barbie?
- No.
Colonel Martin Bach.
Bach?
Why?
He deserves to die.
God damn it.
I didn't like that answer.
Are you with the CIA?
No.
No one but me is coming after Martin Bach.
I don't care about Himmler or you or anyone else.
Just Martin Bach.
Why Martin Bach?
Fuck you!
There is a Jewish Mossad agent
and an American trying to get to the Condor's Nest.
Stop them!
Is that a joke?
You better hope not.
I think you all will get strung out.
Don't move.
I will shoot him.
You'd be doing me a favor.
Where is Albert Vogel?
I don't recognize that engine,
so I can assume that you arrived here in a car
and Vogel just escaped with it.
Look at you, huh?
You thought you could kill Heinrich Himmler,
but now you're going to die
like every other all-deserving Jew!
Just like the others
We threw into the gutters in Freiburg.
You're from Freiburg, yes?
We must have taken thousands of Jews from that town,
lined them up and shot him in the head one by one.
And then rolled them into the ditch with the rest of the rats.
He's at The Condor's Nest.
Albert Vogel is at The Condor's Nest.
Shut up or I will shoot you.
It's in the mountains,
20 miles west of a town called Tarija.
I will shoot you!
Mile marker 167.
Not another word!
Himmler's there, too!
You know what to do.
Goodbye
Jew!
I lose my brother,
and my uncles,
Soviet prisoners at Birkenau.
Himmler and his people,
they killed them.
They put them in trucks and gassed them.
You get chance to kill Himmler,
you kill Himmler.
Go.
How did you know where I was?
I didn't. I followed Ziegler.
All the way here?
How?
I drove the car.
I guess I owe you a thanks.
A thanks?
Who the fuck are you?
This whole time, you've been protecting Vogel
better than all the Germans
in this desert possibly could have.
Why do you want this Bach so badly?
For the same reason you want Vogel.
Kilometer 167?
Kilometer 167.
Why would you tell me that?
In the tent, he was going to shoot you.
You bet your life on me.
I've spent 10 years destroying anything
that got between me and Colonel Bach.
I guess it was time to stop.
Does your Colonel Bach deserve to die?
Yes, he does.
Lucky for you, I know how to fly a plane.
Let's go!
Cheers!
Are you ready?
Can you guess what's inside?
No one?
Do you know what this is?
Edmund?
Would you like to tell them?
That, Mr. Himmler, is an Aryan skull.
And where did we find it?
High in the Andes,
in some obscure archaeological ruins.
And who found it?
I did, Mr. Himmler.
This... explains Tiwanaku.
Who or what is a Tiwanaku?
This is Tiwanaku.
The most famous ancient site in the Americas
and it's only six hundred kilometers away from us.
Edmund and I have spent twenty years
trying to prove it was built by men of the master race.
And finally...
we have it!
Where are the rest of them?
Ah, that's just it...
This race of men are from the city of Atlantis!
They live in prosperity thousands of years ago until...
kaboom!
An ancient moon collided with
the earth and destroyed Atlantis.
The world was turned to ice and
the only place they could survive was high
in the Andes mountains
in modern-day Bolivia
where they built Tiwanaku.
And at long last we have proof.
I just see a skull.
No no no, you see, it's not just a skull
It's an Aryan skull.
We know the natives here couldn't
build something as complex as Tiwanaku,
and the mountains are full of
their puny elongated skulls.
But this is an Aryan skull.
You see how it's larger and rounder?
Finally we have proof.
Couldn't it just be an Indian with big head?
Gerhardt.
Do you know how important this is?
This skull is German folkhood!
This is our ancestors!
The essence of German nationhood lies in these bones!
There are ten thousand members of the thousand-years.
Reich now living on a continent populated
by ancient Germans for twenty thousand years!
Gentlemen,
te Third Reich is not dead.
It's only just beginning.
We don't have an army.
We don't need an army.
We have Albert Vogel.
Not yet you don't!
Someone knows you're here.
Who?
Mossad.
The Jewish spies?
How many?
One.
The Jews know where we are,
who we are, and how to find us.
And they even brought an American.
It must be black magic.
That may be possible.
Near the skull we uncovered a chamber of potsherds
that may have been ritually smashed to summon spirits like
this Jew,
or any number of devils.
Martin!
You are chief of security, not the SS.
Nor my operation!
Heinrich.
You have a leak.
Have any of you been to Asuncion recently?
I have.
What?
Why?
I've been in the mountains
for a year digging for dead Indians.
I need human contact.
Human contact?
Whores?
Not just whores.
There are supplies and logistics.
Who did you tell about the Condor's Nest?
You have to the count of three.
- One.
- I didn't tell anyone.
Two
Heinrich!
I'm no fool.
I didn't.
Three.
A pilot!
I told a pilot once without thinking.
I had a few glasses of wine on the flight.
It was one man.
I'm not such a fool that I'd tell every whore in Paraguay
that I'm digging up skulls for Hitler's runaway Nazis
at the Condor's Nest!
Obersturmbanfuhrer.
Find the Jew.
What are we going to do?
A Jew and an American against a
hundred guards in the Condor's Nest?
I'll take my chances.
What happened when they inform
the rest of the world we're here?
If they somehow radio this to Israel,
and if somehow Israel believes them,
it'll take years to organize any kind of attack.
And by then we'll have our bomb.
The Americans are so worried about the Soviets,
they won't think twice
when one of Albert Vogel's bombs
across the border into Texas and explodes.
Both countries
will turn to each other
into the craters.
And sacred Germany rises from the ashes.
Colonel Bach!
The highway guards are dead.
Somebody shot them.
They were found by the relieving guard.
Sound the alarm!
Get Heinrich to the safe house!
My God!
Klaus! Uwe!
Get him out, quick!
Quick!
Shut the door.
Walk to my door.
Where are you...
Are you the Jew or the American?
- The Jew is with Himmler.
- Drop the gun.
Who are you?
William Spalding.
Why are you here?
To find Colonel Martin Bach
of the German Protection Squad,
known better as the SS.
What do you want with me?
Do you remember where you
were on August 30th, 1944?
No, not exactly.
Was it Eastern France?
That sounds right.
Was it Bouvier?
Was it a farm with a crashed B-17 bomber and a tank?
It was a long war.
But you remember,
don't you?
It was a long time ago.
You killed six men in cold blood.
You remember that.
You were there?
Were you one of the airmen?
Halt, halt, halt!
Put your gun down or I shoot!
Put down your rifle.
William Spalding, walk away.
There are three guards in this room
and a hundred more running
around outside the fortress here.
If you fire that pistol, they will hear you,
and you will be dead instantly.
Walk away now,
and you will live.
Identify yourself!
Identify yourself or we will fire!
Step out and identify yourself!
Or you will be shot!
Don't shoot!
I'm coming out!
I have Heinrich Himmler
and I will blow his fucking brains out!
Do whatever she says!
I'm not walking away.
Then why haven't you shot me?
I want a confession.
A confession?
- All right.
- I will confess.
During the war, an airplane
on its way to bomb my country
crashed in front of me
with the enemy advancing towards me,
and no way to carry prisoners,
I was left with two choices.
One, I could let the men go
so that they could get into another airplane
and continue to bomb my country
or two,
I could kill them to stop them from doing that.
I chose to kill them to save the lives of my men
and my beloved Germany.
Truthfully, you are no different than me.
You, up in your airplane,
dropping bombs on men and women
while they're sleeping in their beds.
- Don't...
- But you did it,
because if you had not,
those same men and women would've woken up,
put on their boots, and built more airplanes
to drop bombs on you while you were sleeping in your bed.
I saw everything you did.
I shouldn't have let you live.
Let me live?
Maybe all along it was you
that had to come here to confess to me.
You are gonna die for what you did.
You have nothing to confess to?
You followed every instinct
that I and everyone else in that war would have.
And now, you've crossed the continent
for a confession, and look where you are.
You are going to be responsible
for capturing Heinrich Himmler.
You are not a coward. You are a hero.
Push your car off the side of the road.
Leave the car where it is.
No, listen to him! Do whatever she says!
If you kill Himmler,
you will die.
Move out of the way!
Hold your positions!
Stand down!
Release him,
or you will die!
Listen to the Jew or I will have you shot!
Release him,
or you will die!
Albert Vogel!
I will have you cut into pieces
and fed to the dogs if you don't listen
to the fucking Jew and move
to the side of the fucking road!
Fuck all fascist scum.
Get to the Condor's Nest!
All you have to do
is walk out that door and disappear.
The whole world will know of your bravery.
American newspapers will proclaim your name.
"William Spalding, American hero,
"who captured Heinrich Himmler."
You see,
confessions are for dead men.
You are reborn today,
as a hero.
If I was a hero,
we would both be dead.
We can both live.
Go.
Walk away.
We don't deserve to live.
Albert,
step out of the car.
Stand where I can see you.
Hold your fire!
Do not shoot!
It looks like you got your German.
You know if you shoot me
you are not going to leave this place alive.
Well,
I guess you were right then.
About what?
A man who seeks revenge digs two graves.
Put your hands up!
Put your hands up now or we will shoot!
Take your pistol out of your pocket.
Put it on the ground.
William,
the girl is dead.
You have no more moves.
So, please,
take your pistol out of your jacket,
put it on the ground.
Slowly!